It's no surprise that businesses need to
compete to gain share of their markets, and stay relevant.
However, it may be surprising to learn that data and business analysts,
play an increasingly important role in this competition.
How are market trends shifting?
What are new innovations for investment?
How are customers reacting to our products?
How do we make product improvements?
Or what are our forecasted sales into the next quarter?
These are a handful of questions that business analysts aim to answer by using data.
These analysts frequently need foundational skills in statistics,
Excel and SQL as well as data visualization,
to make the decisions that are most impactful at improving business metrics.
In this course, you'll become familiar with these tools,
and the skills needed to become a business analyst.
See the complete overview of topics in your classroom,
and I'll see you later on in the program,
as we dive into each of these topics.